`total time: 58 + 15 = 73 mins`

### Notes while reading
**started at:** 02:11

_Rexal - pharmacy._
3 min call - $1.85.
Jack was wealthy 6 month ago, before "he lost his temper".
Al is the only one director who vote to not fire Jack.
Albert Shockley inherited the fortune from his father, the steel baron. 
They become friend naturaly: at the many school and faculty functions they attended together.
... about Jack's bender ...
Jack published two dozen short stories.
The only reason Wendy stayed with Jack after he broke Danny's arm - her mom is grade A bitch.
Al hit the kid's bike while drunk. But didn't find the kid. Providentially, he kill no one. Al quit drinking after this incedent.
... radio tempts Jacks do drink on the way back to home: "do it ... do it anyway ..." ... .
_Llama .38 - revolver_
Danny dreamed this car incident Wendy said.
Jack was "stone sober" when "losthis temper" with George Hatfield.
Danny dreamed that Jack hurt him.

**finished at:** 03:09 (58 mins)

### Summary
**started at:**  03:11

The chapter begins in the parking lot near the Rexall pharmacy, where Jack has come to call his friend Albert Shockley. We learn that Al inherited his fortune from his father, Arthur Shockley, a steel baron. Jack was also pretty wealthy six months ago—before he "lost his temper." Jack and Al were on a permanent bender. Things changed after drunk Al hit a kid's bike with his Jaguar. By providence, he didn't kill anyone. Al quit drinking after that, and Jack did the same. Interestingly, Danny dreamed about this bike incident. At the end of the chapter, he almost tells Jack that he also dreamed Jack would hurt him.

**finished at:** 03:26 (15 mins)

### Understanding check
deepseek: OK

### New words
rustling, drowsy, shudder, abruptly