`total time: 50 + 21 = 71 mins`

### Notes while reading

**started at:** 04:12

Danny wakes up at 16:15. Wendy suggests him to watch Seasame Street, but he went to _his place_ on the curb.
He had not a watch and aware of time only by light. He played with glider and song like "... m Lou ... m Lou ...". Song which sang at Jack & Jill Nursery School.
Now his dad can't afford Nursery School for him.

Danny ~~thought~~ know that Wendy worried if dad had breakdown in mountains or do a **Bad Thing**. _Bad thing is home violence. For example, Danny's friend's dad beaten his wife and got a dicorce_. Then Danny thought about concept of **divorce**. He had been in constant terror of parents possible divorce.

_Is Bad Thin also a alchocolism?_

Danyy fainted after he concentated on divorce thoughts

_First mention of Tonny, Danny's 'invisible playmate', which dad calls "Ha Loo Sin Nation" (hallucination)_

More than divorce, Danny ofraid of **suicide** word (which he read from dad's thoughts?)

... the "play lost under the stairs" episode ...

... Jack's thoughts about shingles ...

_So. Is Danny a medium or schizo or just normal kid with good imagination?_

... A vision of some chase in the Ovelook Hotel, word **REDRUM** appears (murder) ...

Danny wake up all in sweat. Dad come home. Danny seen that his parents in love and there is no "bad thins"

**finished at:** 05:02 (50 mins)

### Summary

**started at:** 05:02

At the start of the chapter, Danny went to the curb. There he saw scare images in his parents' heads: divorce, suicide, redrum (murder).
After that, we find out about Danny's 'invisible friend' Tonny, who helps him to see _hidden things_. For example, Tonny helped him find the lost play under the stairs, where he had never been, and showed him the chasing scene from the Overlook Hotel.
Finally, Danny woke up all in sweat and his father came home. Danny saw that his parrents loved each other — there were no more BAD THINGS in their heads.

**finished at:** 05:23 (21 mins)


## Understanding check
deepseek: OK

### New words
No new words. I listed all C1+ words with Deepseek and learned them before reading.
